Essay 1 Why Students Should Eat Breakfast Every Day
A lot of people, especially young people, go through the day without having breakfast.
Many people believe that it is not necessary, or they say that they don’t have time for
that, and begin their day with no meal. I believe that everyone should eat breakfast
before going to their activities. The purpose of this paper is to show the importance of
breakfast, especially for students. THESIS STATEMENT
The first reason why you should eat breakfast before going to school is for your
health. When you skip breakfast and go to school, you are looking for a disease because
it’s not healthy to have an empty stomach all day long. It’s very important to have a
meal and not let your stomach work empty. All you are going to get is gastritis and a lot
of problems with your health if you don’t eat breakfast.
Another reason for eating breakfast is because you need food for to do well in
your classes. You body and your brain are not going to function as good as they could
because you have no energy and no strength. When you try to learn something and have
nothing in your stomach, you are going to have a lot of trouble succeeding. A lot of
people think that they should not eat because they are going to feel tired, but that’s not
true. Breakfast is not a very big meal, and on the contrary, you’re going to feel tired if
you don’t have breakfast because you have spent the entire previous night without
food.
The last reason to have breakfast every day is because you can avoid diseases if
you eat some breakfast in the morning. If you don’t eat, you are going to get sick, and
these diseases will have a stronger effect on you because you’re going to get sick easier
than people who have breakfast every day.
You have to realize that breakfast is the most important meal of the day, and you
cannot skip it without consequences for your health, your school and your defense
mechanism. It is better to wake up earlier and have a good breakfast that run to school
2
without eating anything. It is time for you to do something for your health, and eating
breakfast is the better way to start your day. (384 words)